\chapter{Diane}
After the casting session with Adrienne, there were a few more calls that
first week. These were not as fruitful as the first one had been. Two of the women found the
idea of casts as ``fashion'' too bizarre, and wanted no part of it. The third was a no-show for
the interview. This really did not surprise me. I expected most of the candidates to lose
interest in the job when they found out exactly what it was about. Besides, after the first
casting session, I realized I needed another piece of equipment in the cast room.

The next Saturday, I received another inquiry. After the usual phone info, she agreed to meet me
at the studio in an hour.

When I answered the door, I was impressed with her appearance. She was tall, blonde, very
pretty, and dressed to impress. She wore a white blouse, denim shorts, and sandals. She had a
wonderful smile, with a hint of mischief to it. She introduced herself as Diane, and after I
introduced myself, I led her to the parlor for the interview.

She listened without speaking as I outlined the job I was offering her. When I mentioned the
casts, her eyebrows raised in a quizzical manner. When I had finished, she said

``Well, it's certainly different, but I don't see what could possibly be wrong with it? I broke
my leg my senior year of high school, and I DID notice that I got more attention while I had the
cast on. It hurt like hell when it happened, and the cast was a real pain, but it wouldn't be so
bad for a few hours. What sort of cast would you want me to wear?''

I stood up and asked her to do the same. I walked around her a few times, looking at her and
thinking. Then, I knew what I wanted to do.

``How about a leg cast? One like you had when you broke your leg. It will start at the toes, and
end near your hip.''

She nodded, then asked when I wanted to do it. We discussed her schedule, then settled on Monday
evening. I told her what sort of wardrobe I was looking for, and she seemed fine with that.
After I had told her she was welcome to bring along a friend for safety if she wanted, she left.

Monday afternoon, she arrived on time. She had brought some very nice wardrobe items, and after
we had decided on some lingerie and a beautiful robe, I offered her something to drink, and left
her to change clothes. I went to get her soda and her money.

I tapped on the door when I returned. ``Are you ready?''

``Sure, come on in'' she replied.

She was quite breathtaking, and my heart raced a bit, contemplating what was to come. I placed
her payment with her clothes, and said ``Let's get started'' with a smile.

She hopped up on the table and said ``Which leg?'' I scratched my beard and thought for a
moment. ``Left'' I finally decided. She held out her left leg, and I went to work. I unrolled
some four inch stockinette, and worked it up to her hip. I was very careful to be professional
about the way I did this, I sure didn't want to get a bad reputation, or worse. I cut it off
about 6 inches from her toes, then started at the foot with the four inch padding. Two turns
around the ankle, then out to the toes and back. As soon as I was past the ankle, I tore off the
rest of the roll. That gave her three layers of padding over her foot with a fourth around the
ankle bones and heel. I then started from her thigh with six inch padding, working my way down.
I learned from the first experience that due to the contours of the human leg, the padding goes
on smoother, with less bunching, if you work from the top. One and a half rolls of padding
later, she had two layers over her leg, with an extra around the knee. I taped down the tail of
the last roll, and decided to take a short break before the fiberglass. I checked our sodas, and
offered her a cigarette, She accepted, and I got one for myself, too.

Earlier that day, I had decided to cast Diane in blue fiberglass. I had laid out several rolls
each of four and five inch fiberglass tape. I crushed out my smoke, and went to fill the bucket.

I readied my new contraption. It was a stand about seven feet tall, and it was going to help me
support limbs as I casted them. I had devised two different attachments for it. The first was a
small clamp, that I could attach to a bit of stockinette overhang. The second attachment was a
sling that I could hang from the stand. I had made them so the length would be adjustable. I was
quite proud of my little engineering job, and readied the sling. I placed her leg in the sling,
so that it was supported at the heel. I bent her knee at a 20 degree angle and asked her to hold
it there.

I pulled on my gloves, and asked her if she were ready. She nodded, and I tore open a roll of
five inch fiber. I dipped it, and, starting at the thigh, I rolled the fruity-smelling tape on
her leg, each turn overlapping the previous one by half. The first roll ended just past her
knee, and the second one went right over the first in the same manner. The third roll started
just above the knee, and worked down to the ankle. The fourth roll began at the knee, and got to
the foot before it ended. The cast was already starting to set at the top, so I folded over the
stockinette, and anchored it with another roll of five inch fiberglass, working it down her leg,
finishing the upper portion of the cast.

I waited a few minutes for the bottom layers to set, and when the cast felt solid under her
thigh, I moved the stand to support her leg at that point. This would allow me access to her
foot. Just below her knee, I started with the four inch fiberglass tape. After it had been
wrapped down to the foot, the next roll started at the ankle, went to the toes, and back up to
the shin. Another roll over the top of this one, and the cast was looking thick and strong. I
clipped off the excess stockinette, folded it over, and anchored it down with one final roll of
fiberglass, working it past the ankle.

``It's really starting to get warm'' She said.

I knew it had to be, as I could feel the heat radiating from the outside of the cast.

``I hope it's not too uncomfortable, but it will cool off pretty soon. Are you OK?'' I asked,
pulling off my gloves and tossing them into the trash.

``I'll be fine, it's just a bit warm on my skin.''

I removed her leg from the sling, and placed it on the padded stool to finish drying. I marveled
at how her leg was solid, moving as one unit. I cleaned up my mess as the fiber finished
setting.

``Yes, this is pretty much the same as I remember from the last time. I was surprised at how
fast it got hard.''

``In another ten minutes, it will completely set, as hard as it would get. You could even walk
on it if you wanted to. Let's go ahead and get started with the photos.''

I got the camera, and took a few shots of her on the table. Some of the photos were just of the
cast, while some were full view shots. When I was done, I held up a pair of crutches with one
hand, and pointed to the wheelchair with the other.

``Do you want to walk, or ride?''

``Ride. Those things kill my armpits.''

I lifted her into the wheelchair, and set the leg rest to support her casted leg. I then took
her into the living room, where I took some photos of her in the wheelchair.

``Hey, grab my robe,'' she reminded me. I returned with her robe and helped her to stand up.
After she had put it on, I helped her down onto the couch.

She posed on the couch in several ways, with me getting photographs of each. One particular pose
caught my eye, so I asked her to hold it, then got my sketch pad and pencils.

After the sketch was done, I helped her back into the wheelchair. Back in the casting room, on
the table, it was time for the saw. Fifteen minutes later, she was free from her fiberglass
prison, and I left her to change.

After she had changed, I thanked her, and made sure that she had her money.

``Yes, I have it. Thank you very much. This was easy money, and I appreciate the chance to sit
for an artist such as you. I sure hope your patron likes what we have done.''

``I'm sure he will,'' I said, holding back a chuckle. ``Thank you again, Diane. Maybe we can do
this again, sometime. ''

``I wouldn't mind that at all. Are you looking for a specific look in your models?''

``Not any particular look, mostly just what catches my eye. Why do you ask?'' I said.

``Well, I have a friend who has some money troubles right now. She's sort of shy, so she might
not go for this, but she's very pretty, and really needs to make some money.''

``Tell her what I do, and see if she's interested.'' I told her. ``Give her my number, and tell
her if she's nervous, she can bring along a friend for security.''

``I'll tell her,'' Diane said over her shoulder as she walked out the door.

After Diane had left, I took her leg cast, wrote her name and the date on the inside with a
felt-tipped marker, and took it downstairs. I put it with Adrienne's casts- I just couldn't
bring myself to throw them away.

\newpage
\begin{center}
\includegraphics[width=\textwidth]{images/kicks03.jpg}
\end{center}
